Upgrade instructions for domain join (#7961)
inverse-inc/packetfence: docs/PacketFence_Upgrade_Guide.asciidoc

== Upgrading from a version prior to 13.0.0

=== Domain join

> In this release of PacketFence we moved from Winbindd join to the new ntlm_auth_api service.

Reviewer: Winbindd -> Samba

== Upgrading from a version prior to 13.0.0

=== Domain join

> In this release of PacketFence we moved from Samba to a new NTLM_AUTH_API service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since v13.1, Packetfence moved from Samba to a new NTLM_AUTH_API service.
```

> In order to upgrade the domain join perform the following:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In order to upgrade the domain join, please, perform the following steps:
```
